Inventory Management: To provide real-time tracking and control of inventory levels, helping to reduce overstock and stockouts. 
It ensures accurate and timely updates to inventory records.

Order Fulfillment: To enhance the efficiency of order processing and fulfillment, including picking, packing, and shipping processes.
 This leads to faster order turnaround times and improved customer satisfaction.

Cost Reduction: To minimize operational costs through better management of resources, improved efficiency, and reduced waste. 
This includes optimizing storage space and labor costs.

Warehouse Efficiency: To improve the layout and utilization of warehouse space, streamline workflow processes, and increase overall productivity. 
This includes optimizing the placement of goods and reducing the time spent on handling and movement.

Data Accuracy: To ensure the accuracy and consistency of data related to inventory, orders, and shipments.
Accurate data supports better decision-making and reduces errors in order processing.

Real-Time Visibility: To provide real-time visibility into inventory levels, order status, and supply chain activities. 
This helps in monitoring performance, identifying issues, and making informed decisions.

Customer Service: To enhance customer service by improving order accuracy, reducing lead times, and providing better tracking and communication regarding order status.

Compliance and Reporting: To ensure compliance with industry regulations and standards. 
The system also facilitates accurate reporting and analysis of warehouse and logistics performance metrics.

Integration: To integrate seamlessly with other systems, such as ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) and TMS (Transportation Management Systems), 
ensuring a unified approach to managing supply chain operations.

Scalability: To provide a flexible and scalable solution that can grow with the business, accommodating increased volumes, 
new locations, or additional functionality as needed.


Other installation required:
npm i express
npm i nodemon
npm i -D nodemon // go back to the video 11:00 to see other installation and configs before running this on the terminal
npm i ejs //Embedded JavaScript-  used to generate HTML markup with plain JavaScript 
added views folder - xpress is looking for an *.ejs file in the views folder (this is the default location for EJS templates in Express).
https://expressjs.com/ --ejs documentation 32:23